hello guys this is uma and welcome back
to the hand pointing tips and tricks
series and this is gonna be the fifth
video in this series and in this one
we're gonna be focusing on the map
Express so right if you're not a first
and see the hub point locations better
we go so the first place we're going to
visit in our high point rotation is area
one now as area one is right in the
middle of both of the spawn points
whereas barn in Ashley determines which
route I'm gonna take and as you can see
here I'm like at the front of the pack
which means that if I go forward then
I'm rather gonna meet the enemy at the
same time I'll get there a little bit
before him and that's what happens here
I managed to get in half on first so I
get the points and long that if you are
in there first it puts you in a good
position to hold it down and start
racking up some points and put the other
team on the back foot and they're like I
always do i will show you it from the
other side so as you can see here again
I've spawned like towards the for an
area so I've already decided that I'm
gonna move forward and in this time I
decide to chop my shot char just to see
if I can get a hit marker and maybe slow
some people down and I do manage to get
a hit marker so I'll just do like a
second sake and man should get that guy
quite easy but I push on and I think I'm
gonna check his shock charge to get the
guy before he goes in for the half point
but I just miss in but it looks like
I've got a c4 to take him out and that's
it we're in the hardpoint I've got the
points and then we're holding it down
well another snare you don't want to go
for weeds whoppin if you spawn right at
the back and you don't have light where
are like extreme conditioning to get you
to the front well that's what happens in
this one and there as you can see how
don't think I can get any further back
than this I'm right at the back with the
rubbish and they're looking at a side
view although it doesn't look like a lot
of distance between the front and back
person this distance can make all the
difference between getting to the
hardpoint location first or just been
that a little bit slow and walking into
the enemy's bullets so what I do is if I
spawn at the back instead of going
forward after and right and although
it's not the quickest way to get to the
half point at least you know me not
gonna be walking into the enemies or
right near the hardpoint and probably
aiming down sights waiting to take you
out but when you do come this wedge make
sure you look at the steps on the right
so you don't get shot in the back of
your off into the hardpoint and because
this is a really small hard point the
best way to hold this down it's like not
to sit in one of the corners and wait
for him to come in always look out and
try and kill them as they're on the way
to the hard point and just find that's a
lot more better and because the area is
so small any more than two people in
there just gonna make it easy for your
enemies to get like double kills and
stuff so it's always better to go out
and patrol the perimeter and try and get
him on the way to the Hat point and
that's what I was doing here I wasn't in
one of the corners waiting for him I
looked out managed to kill two people
and now that I know one of my teammates
are in here then I can just
when their work the perimeter in air try
and kill anyone else who's gonna try and
make it was the hardpoint so that's it
guys that's all I like to play area one
and now we're gonna make our way down to
area 2 and as you can see the next head
point location is very close so all you
have to do is go down the steps and
that's it you're pretty much there and
just quickly mentioning scorestreaks now
probably s support scarf streaks that
going to be effective on this mountain
just because each one the have point
locations has a roof on so you're
probably best going with like the
Guardian or maybe the sentry gun and
that's what happens here I managed to
get my sentry gun in there just put in
at the end there where all the enemies
are gonna flood in is a gonna be pretty
devastating for him and also I've got
two shot charges so I just put it above
for the entrances and that's it now I'm
feeling pretty confident that I'm gonna
be able to hold it down effectively and
another main point that you can utilize
in holding down this High Point area
like these bins that stick out you can
use them as like headglitching spots and
they always try to catch people like
off-guard they think I'm in that corner
so they come in here to kill me and then
I rush out and kill them self catching
them in mid sprint and it's such an
effective tool just using these corners
as much as you can sometimes going in
there to reload or if you need to
flicker see far out it's just so
effective and one that I use quite a lot
when holding down the Chad point so
that's all I like to play area - and now
we move on to area 3 and just a quick
and easy way of getting into this
building is just to jump on here jump on
the train and then jump into the top
side of this building and also you might
catch a glimpse of anyone else who's
gonna be in this hat point just waiting
for you and thereafter I've just got
this guy what I do is I just rip my
shock charge down there and I don't like
to be in here I like to be like patrol
the area so what I'm doing is I'm just
waiting to like one of my teammates
comes and then that say I can jump out
but it's a guy and I sort of have to
jump up pretty quick but I managed to
get him but I'm lucky I just do fall off
there and if actually look at that hard
point north of one second where we
didn't have the hard points I thought
was a pretty good crossover
and once you drive a teammate in there
what you do he should patrol this
perimeter because there's only three
ways in you've got the ladder going up
and then you've got the two windows
either side they're just focused on that
window so you just go around from left
to right and catch him off guard and get
the easy kills and although I'm not in a
party I'm just playing solo I'm always
pay attention to what your teammates are
doing so obviously that guys in there so
I'll work the perimeter in there try and
kill people around it and if no one was
in there I would be in there trying to
hold it down but yeah just because
you're not in a team doesn't mean you
can't work with your teammates so that's
how I like to play every three and now
we're moving on to area four and if
you've been holding on area three then
there's a big chance that the end
is gonna be right now area far and
that's what happens here but just took
my C far straight away even though I see
an enemy I don't even think about way
under looking at managed to get a double
kill and they say exactly the same
layout as area 2 so you still got those
like little dustbin head glitch spots at
the end so you can use them and actually
thought my team had this lockdown that's
where our chance to call him a lightning
strike but then everyone died but
luckily that guy just runs straight past
me him didn't see me but these poster
boards in the middle offer a good bit of
protection she can see I'm getting shot
at so I back off and then just flick
back out and sugar see far in there
managed to get him so if you're getting
overwhelmed at like at the front of the
hardpoint you can always back off to the
middle and work around this area and at
least you've got like this little poster
fill ball thing in the middle so you can
work on that and now that one of my
teammates is pushed into the hand point
there's no point it's bobbing in here so
I decided to go out and work the
perimeter in there so I'll be like the
first line of defense because even if I
do die then at least the school will
come up on my teammates will know which
way the enemies coming from but I've
actually managed to hold them off quite
effectively with the b23r and - files
pretty good clip of how to hold down
area 4 so that's it guys that is the
full rotation on Express and now a
background to everyone so I hope what
you've seen just helps you play hard
point and express that a little bit
better and of holding down area one they
see that let's dance before where we're
only been the high point if you
absolutely have to it's better if you
can get a teammate to be in there and
then you patrol the premier and if you
do have to be in here then make sure you
don't sit in the car and actually do
look out for the windows and try to kill
people on the way to the hand point it's
always gonna be a lot more effective but
just looking forward onto what's going
to be the next half point tips and
tricks video and it seems like I've done
like all the main ones and I think the
next one could be Plaza or slums I don't
know let me know in the comments which
one you'd like to see next and I will
get on with that and therefore my best
class video I actually said which one
don't see next forever best pistol class
our best assault rifle class and it's
literally 50/50 you know half people
saying pieces a lot of people saying
assault rifle so I don't know which
one's gonna be next but don't worry if I
do the next pistol one industry after
that's gonna be the assault rifle so
they are gonna be far apart so anyway
guys that's a little comment in the
video now and I really hope you're
enjoying this half-pint tips and tricks
series these videos take so long to do
but I do think that they're not pretty
cool or now I'm pretty proud of them I
do spend a lot of time on them so I hope
over in your like written on this one
and there may be favorite you think it's
gonna help you out and that's it guys
thank you so much watching and I will
see you in my next video take care
you